Improve Windows Installation instructions (#381)
gazebosim/docs: harmonic/install_windows_src.md

# Source Installation on Windows 10 or 11

DART physics engine and GUI capabilities are
not currently supported in Windows. These functionalities correspond to the currently
building packages `gz-physics` and `gz-gui`, respectively. The packages will build,

> but you can expect runtime failures when using their functionalities.

Author: You're right, dartsim works out of the box! And rendering works (at least for a while) with ogre. I'll update the PR.

# Source Installation on Windows 10 or 11

OGRE2 rendering capabilities are not currently supported in Windows, and Gazebo GUI
works in a limited fashion. These functionalities correspond to the currently
building packages `gz-rendering` and `gz-sim`, respectively. The packages will build,
but you can expect runtime failures when using their functionalities.

> > [!NOTE]

Reviewer: This `[!NOTE]` is a GitHub Markdown format that will not work on the rendered webpage. The `docs` repo is meant to be deployed to the Gazebo website, so the formatting has to target the website, not GitHub. You can see the rendered page here https://gazebosim.org/docs/harmonic/install_windows_src

For fancy stuff like warning bars (see the first line in this file), we have to add CSS to the website frontend for them to work. For example, the yellow warning bar format was added here: https://github.com/gazebo-web/gazebosim-web-frontend/pull/12

For now, we need to use the original format here. Otherwise it just looks like this when I test the PR locally:
![Screenshot from 2023-09-15 20-16-04](https://github.com/gazebosim/docs/assets/7608908/c188ddad-955f-4259-944a-d1f8b0a26908)
```suggestion
> **NOTE**
```

   If you did not add Conda to your `PATH` environment variable during Conda installation,
   you may need to navigate to the location of `condabin` in order to use the `conda` command.
   To find `condabin`, search for "Anaconda Prompt" in the Windows search field near the
   Windows button, open it, run `where conda`, and look for a line containing the directory `condabin`.

4. Navigate to your `condabin`, if necessary, and then create and activate a Conda environment:
   ```bash
   conda create -n gz-ws
   conda activate gz-ws
   ```
   Once you have activated an environment, a prefix like `(gz-ws)` will be prepended to
   your prompt, and you can use the `conda` command outside of the `condabin` directory.

   You can use `conda info --envs` to see all of your environments.

   To speed up conda installations, also set the following to use libmamba solver.
   Older conda installations may need to do [additional steps](https://www.anaconda.com/blog/a-faster-conda-for-a-growing-community).
   ```bash
   conda config --set solver libmamba
   ```
   To remove an environment, use `conda remove --all --name <env_name>`.

>    > [!NOTE]

Reviewer: Same as above
```suggestion
   > **NOTE**
```

   > This way of Conda environment creation puts it into a default folder. If you need
     to install it elsewhere, use `--prefix <env_path>` instead of `--name <env_name>`.
     Environments in custom paths cannot be referenced by names, so even `conda activate`
     needs to be passed a path (relative or absolute) instead of the name. If you refer
     to a subdirectory of the current directory, you have to prepend `.\` so that Conda
     knows it is a path and not a name.

5. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   conda install cmake git vcstool curl pkg-config ^
   colcon-common-extensions dartsim eigen freeimage gdal gts ^
   glib dlfcn-win32 ffmpeg ruby tinyxml2 tinyxml ^
   libprotobuf urdfdom zeromq cppzmq ogre=1.10 ogre-next jsoncpp ^
   libzip qt pybind11 --channel conda-forge
   ```

>   This can take tens of minutes (or less when using libmamba solver).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This can take tens of minutes (or less when using libmamba solver).
```

   You will likely want to check the box to add `conda` to your `PATH`
   during the installation process so that you won't have to do this step manually.

2. Install [Visual Studio 2019 or 2022](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/downloads/).
   The Community version is free for students, open-source developers, and personal
   development. Check "Desktop development with C++" in the Workloads tab,
   check "MFC and ATL support", and uncheck "C++ Cmake Tools." We will install
   cmake via Conda. All other checkboxes can be left unchecked.
   It is recommended to choose the Visual Studio version based on
   the supported versions for your ROS distribution if you plan to use Gazebo with

>    ROS.

Reviewer 2: I am not sure if we want to mention this. With all probability, this binaries of Gazebo are not ABI compatible with any ROS on Windows distribution except for RoboStack, and even if it is, it is probably just by luck and this could be break at any time due to ABI changes in conda-forge packages.

Author: Oh, I wasn't meaning any kind of ABI compatibility. This was much more meant as a newbie advice so that they don't need to install two versions of VS, one for Gazebo and one for ROS.

Reviewer 2: I am afraid that most people will read "if you plan to use Gazebo with ROS." as using [`ros_gz`](https://github.com/gazebosim/ros_gz)

Author: Exactly. Is that a problem?

Reviewer 2: Unless I am missing something, that sentence seems to be hint that in general Windows ROS distributions will work with Gazebo installed from source via conda-forge dependency, i.e. reading that I would expect that following the official Windows install instructions (i.e. https://docs.ros.org/en/iron/Installation/Windows-Install-Binary.html) I can install ros_gz (perhaps from source) and everything could work. In reality, the two distributions may install different version (with possibly different ABI) of each shared package (for example `yaml-cpp`) that can lead to runtime segfaults.

Author: Ahh, ROS decided to go with chocolatey... So this could really be a problem. So do you suggest completely removing any mention of ROS? Or better saying that this guide should not be used if ros_gz is to be built?

Reviewer 2: The easiest solution is just not to mention ROS, so I would go at least for that.  The only reasonable way that I see for getting ros_gz to work with gz installed with conda-forge dependencies is either to build all of ROS2 with conda-forge dependencies, or use RoboStack (but there ros_gz is not working at the moment, see https://github.com/RoboStack/ros-humble/issues/68), so the situation is not easy to explain.

Author: On the other hand, if it's not mentioned, people might just try it, losing lots of time and being confused. What about changing the wording to:

> It is recommended to choose the Visual Studio version based on the supported versions for your ROS 2 distribution if you plan to use Gazebo with ROS 2. However, be aware that the default Binary ROS 2 installation guide uses vcpkg for installation of the dependencies, and that is not compatible with conda-installed packages from this guide. To have Gazebo and ROS 2 both working on the same system, you need to choose either vcpkg, or conda (or source builds) and use it for the dependencies of both Gazebo and ROS 2. Unfortunately, to this date, there is no guide for this approach available.

Reviewer 2: I like it, thanks! 

Regarding the sentence:

> be aware that the default Binary ROS 2 installation guide uses vcpkg for installation of the dependencies, and that is not compatible with conda-installed packages from this guide. 

I would rephrase it as:

> be aware that the default Binary ROS 2 installation guide does not use conda-forge dependencies for installation of the dependencies does, and that is not compatible with conda-forge packages from this guide. 

For these reasons:
* the installation https://docs.ros.org/en/iron/Installation/Windows-Install-Binary.html does not use vcpkg for dependencies, but just a mix of manually compiled libraries, some delivered via Chocolatey and some that need to be installed manually by downloading .zip files. 
* (this is mostly a nitpick, feel free to ignore) what ensure that the packages that we install are abi-compatible is not that they are installed via the conda package manager, but rather that they are installed via the conda-forge "distribution".

Reviewer: So, I agree that we shouldn't mention ROS on this page. I mean, at all. There is a page dedicated to ROS and Gazebo interoperability, and installing them together. Anything ROS should go there https://gazebosim.org/docs/harmonic/ros_installation

The Gazebo installation pages should be Gazebo-only. Otherwise there will be no end of mixing ROS instructions in the Gazebo website. That would just be very unmaintainable.

Author: Ok, Mabel's argument makes sense. I'll remove the ROS mentions.

  libzip qt pybind11 --channel conda-forge
  ```

>   This can take tens of minutes.

Reviewer 2: Not sure if we want either to suggest mamba or at least to enable conda's mamba based backend (see https://www.anaconda.com/blog/a-faster-conda-for-a-growing-community). I guess conda was originally used here as it works out of the box on Anaconda/miniconda while mamba only works out of the box in miniforge, while for mamba you need to document how to install it. However nowadays conda's mamba backend should work out of the box also in miniconda.

Author: Sure, I always wondered why there's conda and mamba =)

## Using the workspace

> The workspace needs to be sourced every time a new terminal is used (and Conda activated before that).

Reviewer 2: Cobra activated -> conda environment activated

This is the end of the source install instructions; head back to the [Getting started](/docs/all/getstarted)
page to start using Gazebo!

> > [!WARNING]
> > As Gazebo GUI is not yet working, running `gz sim` will not work. You can run only the server with
> 
> ```cmd
> gz sim -s -v
> ```

Reviewer: Same as above.
I tried the `<div>` CSS here to get a nice yellow warning bar, but once we use `<div>`, we don't get the Markdown parsing that makes the code font face. So it looks better with just simple Markdown.
Code block needs to be indented too. I've tested this on the rendered page.
```suggestion
> **WARNING**
> As Gazebo GUI is not yet working, running `gz sim` will not work. You can run only the server with
> ```cmd
> gz sim -s -v
> ```
```

> > [!WARNING]
> > If you username contains spaces (which is quite common on Windows), you will probably get errors
>   saying `Invalid partition name [Computer:My User With Spaces]`. Fix this by changing `GZ_PARTITION`
>   to something else:
> 
> ```cmd
> set GZ_PARTITION=test
> ```
> 
> Remember to set the same partition in all other consoles.

Reviewer: Same as above.
And all the lines need to be indented.
With the suggested change, result looks like this:
![Screenshot from 2023-09-15 21-20-16](https://github.com/gazebosim/docs/assets/7608908/dd2b41b6-9729-4c44-ac8b-8741dbc63ba3)

```suggestion
> **WARNING**
> If your username contains spaces (which is quite common on Windows), you will probably get errors
>  saying `Invalid partition name [Computer:My User With Spaces]`. Fix this by changing `GZ_PARTITION`
>  to something else:
> ```cmd
> set GZ_PARTITION=test
> ```
> Remember to set the same partition in all other consoles.
```

Reviewer: I would suggest to use a word other than `WARNING` though, because that's rather severe, and to differentiate from the yellow warning bar up top.
It sounds more like a tip or a troubleshoot to me. What makes these WARNINGs different from a NOTE? Can they just be NOTEs?
